docs/usage: expand logging page (#363)
coreos/zincati: docs/usage/logging.md

# Logging

Zincati supports logging at multiple levels (trace, debug, info, warning, error). Usually only log messages at or above warning level are emitted.
Log verbosity can be increased by passing multiple `-v` flags as command-line arguments.

## Tweaking agent verbosity

By default, the Zincati agent is started with info level logging enabled (i.e. `-v`). However, logging verbosity can be freely tweaked via systemd drop-in files.

For example, debug logging (`-vv`) can be enabled by creating a drop-in file at `/etc/systemd/system/zincati.service.d/10-verbosity.conf` with the following contents:

```
[Service]
Environment=ZINCATI_VERBOSITY="-vv"
```

> The maximum level (`-vvv`) goes up to trace-log messages and can be very verbose. It is only meant for development/debugging and for short timespans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum level (`-vvv`) equates to trace and can be very verbose. It is only meant for development/debugging and for short timespans.
```

> It is recommended to not max out log level in production and for long periods of time, as it reduces the signal-to-noise ratio and can easily saturate further log-persisting systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to not use the trace log level in production or for long periods of time as it reduces the signal-to-noise ratio and can easily saturate further log-persisting systems.
```
